FABERGÉ - STAGES

[A]
very active investigation of the broken shell transformed into investigation of
the jewelers' desk.

* broken shell (β): single pitch rapidly exchanged between piccolo,
  upperregister clarinet, bowed crotale, violin; together with va, vc harmonic
  tremolo on lower fundamentals filling out harmonic field; together with ff
  lowregister pf strike activating silently depressed harmonic field. ff
  lowregister pf strike descends stepwise during segment. harmony of silently
  depressed pf notes ascend stepwise during segment.

* broken shell (β) culmination: oboe doppeltrill. idea of coruscating climax
  given so early in the piece: doppeltrill is achieved but subject to a process
  of dynamic enveloping that makes the material recede and then draw back forth
  and then recede and then draw back forth and so on while other materials
  progress and overlap. culmination: oboe doppeltrill, lateral piano A0 scrape,
  no crotales, sustained piccolo flz, sustained clarinet, sustained lowregister
  vc note played extremely ponticello, sustained midregister vn, va pochissimo
  scratch pedal.

* jewelers' desk (γ): glowing bfl multiphonics, eh keynoise, bcl multiphonics,
  attackless lowregister marimba pedal, lowregister vc pedal.

* intermittent golden gears (α): intermittent single strokes of white noise.
  intermittent shudders of pitches at beginning of single strokes of white
  noise. intermittent shudders of pitches at end of single strokes of white
  noise. stray single lines with regular rhythmic figuration.

[A1]
initial lowregister piano attack (β) causing silently depressed midregister
strings to resonate. together with rhythmically regular va spazzolati (α) that
will later invoke the golden gears.

[A2]
pf (β) resonance continues. rapidly exchanged pitch between piccolo,
upperregister clarinet, violin touch-four harmonic, bowed crotale (β). piccolo,
cl, vn, crotale (β) sound continuously with rapid exponential enveloping
effecting exchange of energy. va, vc harmonic tremolo (ζ) on lower fundamentals
fill out harmonic field.

[A3]
subito piccolo, cl, vn fundamental, crotale (β) ppp. subito va, vc (ζ) harmonic
tremolo ppp. introduction of english horn (β) on a series of four trilled
pitches. english horn plays only during beginning of stage.

[A4]
english horn (β) tacet. piccolo, cl, vn fundamental, crotale (β) continue ppp.
va (ζ) harmonic tremolo continues ppp. lowregister vc pedal (γ) shines through
with mp < mf > mp dynamic swells on pure tone with vibrato pochissimo.

[A5]
piccolo, cl, vn touch-four harmonic, crotale (β) crescendo back to previous
forte dynamic. va (ζ) harmonic tremolo crescendos back to previous forte
dynamic. lowregister vc pedal (γ) transitions back to vc (ζ) harmonic tremolo.

[A6]
piccolo, cl, vn fundamental, crotale (β) subito ppp. va (ζ) harmonic tremolo
subito ppp. vc (ζ) harmonic tremolo transitions to lowregister vc pedal (γ)
that shines through with mp < mf > mp dynamic swells on pure tone with vibrato
pochissimo.

[A7]
trilled english horn (β) returns. piccolo, cl, vn fundamental, va, crotale (β)
continue ppp. va (ζ) harmonic tremolo continues ppp. lowregister vc (γ) pedal
decrescendos to pp but maintains pure tone with vibrato pochissimo.

[A8]
piccolo, cl, vn touch-four harmonic, crotale (β) crescendo back to previous
forte dynamic. va (ζ) crescendos back to previous forte dynamic. lowregister vc
(γ) continues pp with pure tone played vibrato pochissimo.

[A9]
upperregister clarinet (β) participates increasingly less in pitch exchange.
piccolo, vn, crotale (β) participate increasingly more in pitch exchange to
amplify attention while clarinet exits orchestration. vc (γ) underlayer
continues quietly beneath at the same time. clarinetist takes bass clarinet at
end of stage.

[A10]
piccolo, vn, va, crotale (β) subito ppp. lowregister vc, bcl (γ) shine through.

[A11]
piccolo, vn, va, crotale (β) crescendo back to previous forte dynamic.
upperregister clarinet no longer participates in (β). bcl, vc (γ) underlayer
continues quietly beneath at the same time.

[A12]
trilled english horn returns and interrupts piccolo, vn, crotale (β) at forte
dynamic. english horn exits at end of stage.

[A13]
piccolo (β) participates less and less in pitch exchange. vn, crotale (β)
participate even more in pitch exchange to increase attention while piccolo
exits orchestration. bcl, vc (γ) underlayer continues quietly beneath at the
same time. flutist takes bass flute at end of stage.

[A14]
rhythmic va spazzolati (α) shines through for a moment.

[A15]
vn, crotale (β) subito pp. lowregister bcl, vc (γ) shine through with pure tone
played vibrato pochissimo in mp < mf > mp dynamic swells.

[A16]
return to broken shell (β) now orchestrated as only violin touch-four harmonic
and bowed crotale with piccolo no longer participating. increased vn, crotale
acitivity pushes attention forward upon the departure of piccolo. va (ζ)
harmonic tremolo begins final decrescendo. underlayer (γ) of lowregister bcl,
vc continues quietly underneath increasing vn, crotale acitivity.

[A17]
rhythmic vn spazzolati (α) allowed to shine through for just a moment. trilled
english horn (β) returns for a moment with even more presence. broken shell vn,
crotale (β) subito ppp. jewelers' desk bcl, vc (γ) subito ppp. va (ζ) harmonic
tremolo completes final decrescendo.

[A18]
vn, crotale (β) continue ppp. jeweler's desk (γ) adds eh keynoise. jewelers'
desk (γ) lowregister bfl, eh keynoise, bcl, vc (γ) shine through with mp < mf >
mp dynamic swells. va tacet.

[A19]
antepenultimate appearance of broken shell (β) in segment: single ff violin
touch-four harmonic exponential crescendo timed exactly together with single
piercing bowed crotale and final ff pf strike used to activate silent harmonic
field. underlayer of jewelers' desk (γ) continues steadily underneath. va
tacet. short stage.

[A20]
broken shell (β) pf, crotale resonance continues to decay. jewelers' desk (γ)
bfl, eh keynoise, bcl, vc begins crescendo from ppp. gears (α) vn spazzolati
returns. gears (α) va spazzolati begins. gears (α) vn, va spazzolati carry
different interlocking rhythms.

[A21]
gears (α) vn, va spazzolati continue but start to decrescendo and transition to
jewelers' desk (γ) quiet sustained pitches. jewelers' desk (γ) glowing bfl, eh
keynoise, bcl, vc crescendo reaches shining mf dynamics. perc tacet.

[A22]
gears (α) vn, va spazzolati continue decrescendo and transition to jewelers'
desk (γ) quiet sustained pitches (γ). jewelers' desk (γ) glowing bfl, eh
keynoise, bcl, vc continue shining mf swell enveloping. broken shell (β)
trilled eh returns with greatly increased activity. eh stops at end of stage.
perc still tacet. 

[A23]
gears (α) vn, va spazzolati complete decrescendo and arrive at jewelers' desk
(γ) quiet sustained pitches. jewelers' desk (γ) glowing bfl, eh keynoise, bcl,
vc continue with mf swell enveloping.

[A24]
jewelers' desk (γ) glowing bfl, bcl, vn, va, vc subito pp and p. jewelers' desk
(γ) lowregister attackless marimba pedal introduced at ppppp. jewelers' desk
(γ) pf attacks same pitch as marimba pedal in octaves and sustains with middle
or right pedal. broken shell (β) trilled eh returns with greatly increased
activity. eh stops at end of stage.

[A25]
jewelers' desk (γ) glowing bfl, eh keynoise, bcl, pf decay, marimba, vn, va, vc
jewelers' desk (γ) reilluminates with mf swell enveloping.

[A26]
broken shell (β) eh reaches apotheosis in doppeltrill. jewelers' desk (γ)
glowing bfl, bcl, pf decay, marimba, vn, va, vc subito pp enveloping. long
stage.

[A27]
broken shell (β) eh doppeltrill apotheosis crescendoes to maximum. jewelers'
desk (γ) glowing bfl, bcl, pf decay, marimba, vn, va, vc crescendoes from pp to
f. broken shell (β) eh stops at end of stage. jewelers' desk (γ) pf lifts pedal
at end of stage. jewelers' desk (γ) pf moves to kiln (δ) harpsichord at end of
stage.

[A28]
jewelers' desk (γ) glowing bfl, eh keynoise, bcl, marimba, vn, va, vc begin
decrescendo from f back to pp. kiln (δ) harpsichord tacet.

[A29]
jewelers' desk (γ) glowing vn, va, vc finish decrescendo. jewelers' desk (γ)
glowing bfl, eh keynoise, glowing bcl, marimba continue decrescendo. kiln (δ)
hpschd tacet.

[A30]
kiln (δ) vn, va, vc dripping clb begin extremely sparsely. jeweler's desk (γ)
glowing bfl, eh keynoise, glowing bcl, marimba continue decrescendo. kiln (δ)
hpschd tacet.

[A31]
kiln (δ) vn, va, vc dripping clb become somewhat more frequent. jeweler's desk
(γ) glowing bfl, eh keynoise, glowing bcl, marimba pedal continue decrescendo.
kiln (δ) hpschd tacet.

[A32]
kiln (δ) vn, va, vc dripping clb now continuous. jewelers' desk (γ) marimba
pedal completes decrescendo. jewelers' desk (γ) glowing bfl, bcl, continue
decrescendo. kiln (δ) hpschd tacet.

[B1]
(fundamental changes.) kiln (δ) vn, va, vc dripping clb continue. kiln (δ)
hpschd begins. jewelers' desk (γ) glowing bfl, eh keynoise, glowing bcl
continue decrescendo. perc tacet.

[B2]
kiln (δ) hpschd, vn, va, vc dripping clb continue. jewelers' desk (γ) glowing
bfl, eh keynoise, glowing bcl complete decrescendo. perc tacet.

[B3]
(absent fundamental; persists only in memory.) kiln (δ) hpschd, vn, va, vc
dripping clb continues. fl, ob, cl, perc tacet.

[B4]
(transformation of type of motion.) kiln (δ) castanets initiate hpschd, vn, va,
vc dripping clb cells with intervening rests.

[B5]
kiln (δ) castanets, hpschd, vn, va, vc dripping clb cells with intervening
rests.

[B6]
kiln (δ) castanets, hpschd, vn, va, vc dripping clb cells with intervening
rests.

[B7]
broken shell (β) piccolo, cl exchange single pitch. kiln (δ) castanets, hpschd,
vn, va, vc dripping clb continues.

[B8]
ratchet game (β+δ) x6:
each time subject to time manipulation:
each time broken shell (β) piccolo, cl exchanged pitch progresses:

    kiln (δ) guiro (ob), bd, castanets initiate cell;
    broken shell (β) piccolo, cl exchange single pitch;
    kiln (δ) hpschd, vn, va, vc dripping clb plays out.

[B9]
gears (α) rhythmicized vn, va spazzolati return for one stage. everyone else
tacet.

[B10]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob. short pause. everyone else tacet.

[B11]
kiln (δ) guiro (ob), bc, castanets, hpschd, vn, va, vc cell once more. short
pause. fl, cl tacet.

[B12]
broken shell (β) piccolo, cl exchange single pitch. everyone else tacet. short
pause. fl takes bfl at end of stage. cl takes bcl at end of stage.

[B13]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob. everyone else tacet. short pause.

[B14]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob, eh airtone. six other players tacet. short
pause.

[B15]
kiln (δ) guiro (ob), bc, castanets, hpschd, vn, va, vc cell once more. fl, cl
tacet. short pause.

[B16]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob. seven other players tacet. short pause.

[B17]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob, eh airtone. six other players tacet. short
pause.

[B18]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob, eh airtone. six other players tacet. short
pause.

[B19]
kiln (α) hpschd, vn, va, vc dripping clb. fl, ob, cl, perc tacet. short pause.

[B20]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob. seven other players tacet. short pause.

[B21]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob, eh airtone. six other players tacet. short
pause.

[B22]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob, eh airtone, bfl airtone. five other players
tacet. short pause.

[B23]
gears (α) vn, va spazzolati together with kiln (δ) guiro (ob), bd, castanets.
fl, cl, pf, vc tacet. extremely short speed-increasing pause.

[B24]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob, eh airtone, bfl airtone. cl, pf, perc, vn,
vc tacet. no pause.

[B25]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob, eh airtone, bfl airtone. cl, pf, perc, vn,
vc tacet. short pause.

[C1]
gears (α) vn, vc spazzolati with papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob, eh
airtone, bfl airtone, bcl airtone. pf, perc tacet. short pause.

[C2]
papers (ε) single brushed bd stroke. seven other players tacet. short pause.

[C3]
papers (ε) tremolo-inititated va ob, eh airtone, bfl airtone. no pause.

[C4]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob, eh airtone, bfl airtone, bcl airtone accompanied by pp
vc harmonic glissando. pf, perc tacet. short pause.

[C5]
papers (ε) single brushed bd stroke. seven other players tacet. short pause.

[C6]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob, eh airtone, bfl airtone. five other players
tacet. no pause.

[C7]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob, eh airtone. six other players tacet. no
pause.

[C8]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob, eh airtone, bfl airtone, tremolo-initiated
bd with pp vc harmonic glissando. cl, pf, perc, vn tacet. no pause.

[C9]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob, eh airtone, tremolo-initiated
bd with pp vc harmonic glissando. fl, cl, pf, vn tacet. no pause.

[C10]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob, eh airtone, bfl airtone, bcl airtone,
tremolo-initiated bd with pp vc harmonic glissando. pf, vn tacet. no pause.

[C11]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob, eh airtone with pp vc harmonic glissando.
papers (ε) chain cut off. fl, cl, pf, perc, vn tacet. short pause.

[D1]
papers (ε) tremolo-initiated va ob. together with jewelers' desk (γ) momentary
recollection: glowing bfl, eh keynoise, glowing bcl, credit card against piano
tuning pegs, attackless ppppp lowregister marimba pedal, vn quiet pitch, vc
lowregister pedal.

[D2]
ratchet game (β+δ) x6:
each time subject to time manipulation:
each time piccolo, cl (β) pitch progresses:
much faster or much slower than ratchet game played before:

    guiro (ob), bd + castanets initiate cell;
    piccolo, cl (β) exchange single pitch;
    hpschd, vn, va, vc (δ) dripping clb plays out.

[D3]
return of papers (ε) continuous airtone from end of previous segment.
now manifest as a chain of tone passed between four or five players in
sequence. all in regular rhythm but with pauses separating each chain.

[D4]
more regular rhythm gapped airtone chain (ε).
short pause.

[D5]
more regular rhythm gapped airtone chain (ε).
short pause.

[D6]
more regular rhythm gapped airtone chain (ε).
short pause.

[E]
strobed primary mode of presentation throughout segment.

[E1]
more regular rhythm gapped airtone chain (ε). now with an addition to the
grammar of the interactions: airtone tremolo initiate airtone chain, as a way
of giving an initial push into chain.
short pause.

[E2]
more regular rhythm tremolo-initiated gapped airtone chain (ε). 
short pause.

[E3]
more regular rhythm tremolo-initiated gapped airtone chain (ε) but with airtone
sustained under a decrescendo over the end of the stage to allow continuity of
sound at the introduction of multiphonic in the next stage.

[E4]
airtone (ε) sustained from previous stage. together with glowing bfl
multiphonic (γ). short pause.

[nb that there's now a composite (γ+ε) cell of airtone sustained as pedal for
glowing bfl multiphonic, all then followed by short pause. prefigure earlier in
piece.]

[E5]
more regular rhythm tremolo-initiated gapped airtone chain (ε).
short pause.

[E6]
more regular rhythm tremolo-initiated gapped airtone chain (ε) but with airtone
sustained under a decrescendo over the end of the stage to allow continuity of
sound at the introduction of multiphonic in the next stage.

[E7]
airtone (ε) sustained from previous stage. together with glowing bfl
multiphonic, glowing bcl multiphonic (γ). short pause.

[E8]
more regular rhythm tremolo-initiated gapped airtone chain (ε).
short pause.

[E9]
more regular rhythm tremolo-initiated gapped airtone chain (ε) but with airtone
sustained under a decrescendo over the end of the stage to allow continuity of
sound at the introduction of multiphonic in the next stage.

[E10]
airtone (ε) continues. together with glowing bfl multiphonic, glowing bcl
multiphonic, vc lowregister pedal (γ).

[E11]
airtone (ε) continues. glowing (γ) bfl multiphonic, bcl multiphonic, vc
lowregister pedal continue. dripping (δ) upperregister hpschd, vn, va clb
manifest for a moment.

[E12]
airtone (ε) continues. glowing (γ) bfl multiphonic, bcl multiphonic, vc
lowregister pedal continue.

[E13]
airtone (ε) continues. glowing (γ) bfl multiphonic, bcl multiphonic, vc
lowregister pedal continue. dripping (δ) upperregister hpschd, vn, va clb
manifest for a moment.

[E14]
airtone (ε) continues. glowing (γ) bfl multiphonic, bcl multiphonic, vc
lowregister pedal continue.

[E15]
airtone (ε) continues. glowing (γ) bfl multiphonic, bcl multiphonic, vc
lowregister pedal continue. vn, va (α) spazzolati.

[E16]
airtone (ε) continues. glowing (γ) bfl multiphonic, bcl multiphonic, vc
lowregister pedal continue.

[E17]
airtone (ε) continues. glowing (γ) bfl multiphonic, bcl multiphonic, vc
lowregister pedal continue. vn, va (α) spazzolati.

[E18]
airtone (ε) continues. glowing (γ) bfl multiphonic, bcl multiphonic, vc
lowregister pedal continue.

[E19]
airtone (ε) continues. glowing (γ) bcl multiphonic, vc lowregister pedal
continue.

[E20]
airtone (ε) continues. glowing (γ) bcl multiphonic, vc lowregister pedal
continue. vn, va (α) spazzolati.

[E21]
airtone (ε) continues. glowing (γ) bcl multiphonic, vc lowregister pedal
continue.

[E22]
airtone (ε) continues. glowing (γ) vc lowregister pedal continues.

[E23]
airtone (ε) continues. glowing (γ) vc lowregister pedal continues. vn, va (α)
spazzolati.

[E24]
airtone (ε) continues. glowing (γ) vc lowregister pedal continues.

[E25]
airtone (ε) continues.

[E26]
airtone (ε) continues. vn, va (α) spazzolati.

[E27]
airtone (ε) continues.

[E28]
airtone (ε) continues. vn, va (α) spazzolati.

[E29]
vn, va (α) spazzolati.

[F] (3')
great turning of the golden gears.

bfl sputter gesture (α) of starting up: alternation between three microtonal
notes at very bottom of range with transitions indicating changes in amount of
air included in the tone and at very quiet dynamics with pervasive swell
enveloping to and from niente. intermitent displacements of exactly one octave
up.

english horn sputter gesture (α) of starting up: color trill in upperregister
set to a quiet dynamic with niente-swell enveloping.

bcl sputter gesture (α) of starting up: same as bfl and scored on arrive on D3
and allow for 9-way colorfinger variation.

pf sputter gesture (α) of starting up: extremely thin single points of credit
card run laterally up A0 string followed by sizable pause. [use tablature of
glissandi notated against compass of A0 string from midbar to tuning peg.]
progresses to slow segment of lateral glissando followed by quicker and longer
segment of lateral glissando followed by a pause. progresses to three-stage
later glissando with the first two stages toward the tuning peg and the third
short stage quickly reversing direction followed by forte on-the-keys strike of
very low note played as a harmonic and used to excited silently depressed
harmonic field sustained with middle pedal. progresses to four-stage lateral
glissando with direction reversals following every stage except the first
followed by sfz harmonic excitor of harmonic field followed by a pause.

perc sputter gesture (α) of starting up: tight whitenoise brush tremolo on bd
head enveloped with a swell followed by a short rest followed by a quiet stroke
of superball mallet on bd head enveloped with a swell and of moderate duration,
all followed by a sizable pause. progresses to tight whitenoise brush tremolo
followed by simultaneous superball stroke on db head together with brush stroke
on bd head. progresses to whitenoise tremolo followed by simultaneous superball
and brush stroke followed by pp fingertapping on bd head. progresses to much
loud superball strokes and much longer durations of fingertapping.
fingertapping progresses to attackless mallet tremolo on bd head, eventually
played at as loud a dynamic as possible without revealing the mallet attacks.

vn, va sputter gesture (α) of starting up: triple-struck rimbalzando followed
by short, quiet, isolated tremolo flautando on same pitch followed. progresses
to triple-struck rimbalzando followed by two or three tremoli flautandi in
succession.

vc sputter gesture (α) of starting up: pair of 1/2 clt sfz strokes with lh
glissando at a width of a major second up and down followed by tremolo alla
punta (non flautando) scored with a crescendo. progresses to pair of 1/2 clt
sfz glissando strokes followed by two or three waves of swelled tremolo alla
punta. progresses to same 1/2 clt initiation followed by countless waves of
tremolo alla punta with continuous scp control. widths of glissandi increase to
a major ninth during development of material. progresses to include oscilliandi
harmonichi ponticelli after 1/2 clt glissando strokes and before tremolo alla
punta.

proportions:
    * sputtering [3]
    * continuous turning but with intermittent grand pauses [2]
        * alternately piano and forte, changing after every pause or two
    * continuous turning (without interruptions) played piano [1]
        * metric up-modulation at 5:4
    * continous turning played forte [1]
        * metric up-modulation at 5:4
    * continous turning played piano [1]
        * metric up-modulation at 5:4
    * continous turning played forte [1]
        * metric up-modulation at 5:4
    * continous turning played piano [1]
        * metric up-modulation at 5:4
    * continous turning played forte [1]
        * metric up-modulation at 5:4
    * continous turning played pianissimo [2] until the end of [F] and into [G]
        * with p > ppp decrescendo governing entire region
        * some players begin falling out of material

[G1]
continous pianissimo turning (α) continues with players dropping out.
glowing (γ) bfl, bcl multiphonic manifests again at beginning of segment.
vn, va upperregister tremolo electricity (β) chord begins.

[G2]
continous pianissimo turning (α) continues with even more players dropping out.
glowing (γ) bfl, bcl multiphonic continues.
vn, va upperregister tremolo electricity (β) chord grows louder.

[G3]
continous pianissimo turning (α) continues with final players dropping out.
glowing (γ) bfl, bcl multiphonic continues.
vn, va upperregister tremolo electricity (β) chord grows louder.

[G4]
glowing (γ) bfl, bcl multiphonic continues.
vn, va upperregister tremolo electricity (β) chord grows louder.

[G5]
vn, va upperregister tremolo electricity (β) chord continues.

[G6]
vn, va upperregister tremolo electricity (β) chord continues.

[G7]
pause.

[G8]
return to pianissimo continous turning (α). with enigmatic appearance of tutti
(ε) synchronized whitenoise.

[G9]
pianissimo continous turning (α) continues.

[G10]
pianissimo continous turning (α) continues.
vn, va upperregister tremolo electricity (β) chord returns ferociously as
before.

[G11]
pianissimo continous turning (α) decrescendos al niente.
vn, va upperregister tremolo electricity (β) chord begins to decrescendo.

[G12]
vn, va upperregister electricity tremolo (β) continues to decrescendo.

[G13]
vn, va upperregister electricity tremolo (β) reaches pianissimo level to
transition into fully orchestrated field of the broken shell.

[H]
manifestation of fully orchestrated field of the broken shell (β): bfl flz with
slow pitchbending and transitions between relative amounts of air and tone and
with intermittent major ninth displacements and swith swell-enveloping that
brings the bfl into and out of the orchestration; eh quieter upperregister
swell-enveloped colortrills; bcl lowregister tone hypnotically alternating with
upperregister tone and all enveloped with slow-moving swells; pf harmonic
field; attackless marimba pedal transitioning gradually to attackless bd pedal;
also perc sometimes moving to relatively quiet bowed crotales to match the
pitch of the winds and recall earlier (β) in piece; vn swell-enveloped tremolo
flautando on third partial with fingerpressure transitions from harmonic to
halfharmonic to fullystopped and back again; va swell-enveloped tremolo
flautando on seventh partial with fingerpressure transitions from harmonic to
halfharmonic to fullysopped and back again; vc tremolo flautando on 13th
partial with fingerpressue transitions from harmonic to halfharmonic to
fullystopped and back again. all instruments cyclically enter and exit
orchestration. spacious animation preserves attention hypnotically. durations
of orchestrated swells become progressively greater to draw attentions
progressively further.

[H1-4]
first harmony.

[H5-8]
second harmony.

[H9-12]
third harmony.

[I1]
third harmony continues. pulsation becomes quieter in all parts. bfl, eh, bcl
introduce penumbral amounts of airtone to the edges of their swell envelopes.

[I2]
third harmony continues. glowing bfl, bcl (γ) multiphonics and va pochissimo
scratch pedal (γ) reappear one last time over the ongoing swells of the third
field.

[I3]
third harmony continues. glowing bfl, bcl, va pochissimo scratch (γ) continues.
strucks bass drum with castanets (δ) appears one last time together with
dripping (δ) hpschd, vn clb. vc (β) continues third field.

[I4]
third harmony temporarily suspended except for vc. glowing bfl, bcl, va
pochissimo scratch (γ) continues. dripping (δ) hpschd, vn clb continues. vc (β)
continues third field.

[I5]
glowing bfl, bcl, va pochissimo scratch (γ) continues. dripping (δ) hpschd, vn
clb continues. perc (ε) adds in first of synchronized airtone.

[I6]
bfl changes to synchronized airtone (ε). glowing bcl, va pochissimo scratch (γ)
continues. dripping (δ) hpschd, vn clb continues. perc (ε) synchronized airtone
continues.

[I7]
va changes to clb (δ). glowing bcl (γ) continues. dripping (δ) hpschd, vn clb
continues. bfl, perc (ε) synchronized airtone continues.

[I8]
bcl changes to synchronized airtone (ε). dripping (δ) hpschd, vn, va clb
continues. bfl, perc (ε) synchronized airtone continues. vc (β) third field
fundamental continues.

[I9]
dripping (δ) hpschd, vn, va clb drawdown to nothing. bcl, eh, bcl, perc (ε)
synchronized airtone continues. vc (β) third field fundamental continues
diminuendo al niente.

[I10]
bcl, eh, bcl, perc (ε) synchronized airtone continues unaccompanied.

[I11]
bfl, eh, bcl, perc (ε) synchronized airtone continues. vc (β) introduces final
fundamental of piece on crescendo dal niente. final turning of golden gears (α)
begins: irregular and very sparse reintroduction of triple-struck vn, va
rimbalzandi and also irregular and very sparse reintroduction of soft plastic
credit card against metal piano tuning pegs.

[J1]
accelerando begins. bcl transitions from pure airtone (ε) to introduce pitch of
vc fundamental (β). vc fundamental (β) continues. bfl, eh, perc (ε)
synchronized airtone continues. triple-struck vn, va rimbalzandi and pf tuning
pegs (α) continue.

[J2]
accelerando continues. bfl transitions from pure aironte (ε) to introduce
pitch of fundamental. bcl, vc fundamental (β) continues. eh, perc (ε)
synchronized airtone continues. triple-struck vn, va rimbalzandi and pf tuning
pegs (α) continue.

[J3]
accelerando continues. bfl, bcl, vc fundamental (β) continues. vc begins
turning (α) of golden gears. perc (ε) synchronized airtone draws down to
nothing. eh (ε) synchronized airtone continues. pf, vn, va (α) begin turning of
golden gears.

[J4]
accelerando continues. bfl, bcl begin turning (α) of golden gears. eh, perc
tacet. pf, vn, va, vc (α) continue turning of golden gears. fundamental drawing
down to nothing.

[J5]
accelerando continues. bfl, bcl, pf, vn, va, vc (α) continue turning of golden
gears, increasingly fast and increasing quiet. perc loudly strikes woodblock
(α) five times, as a memory of a metric modulation that does not follow. perc
then follows with pianissimo shakers (α) that recall the function of bass drum
fingertapping but not the surfaces of bass drum fingertapping. eh (α) airtone
draws down to nothing. fundamental no longer present in orchestration.

[J6]
accelerando continues. eh begins pianissimo shakers (α) to double those of
perc. bfl, bcl, pf, perc, vn, va, vc (α) continue turning of golden gears.

[J7]
accelerando continues. bfl, eh shakers, bcl, pf, perc shakers, vn, va, vc (α)
continue turning of golden gears. perc loudly strikes woodblock (α) five times
with no metric modulation following.

[J8]
accelerando continues. bfl, eh shakers, bcl, pf pegs, perc shakers, vn, va, vc
(α) continue turning of golden gears.

[J9]
accelerando achieves closing tempo of piece. tutti continue turning of golden
gears (α).

[J10]
tutti tighter turning of the golden gears.

[J11]
protracted tutti decrescendo of turning of the golden gears.

[J12]
short pause.

[J13]
five woodblock strikes (α).

[J14]
pause.